INTO STIFF OPPOSITION FROM KEY
WORLD LEADERS TO HIS PLAN FOR A
MILITARY STRIKE ON SYRIA.
GOOD EVENING.
I'M JUDY WOODRUFF.
>> Brown: AND I'M JEFFREY BROWN.
ON THE NEWSHOUR TONIGHT, WE GET
AN UPDATE ON THE FIGHT FOR
SUPPORT ABROAD, AND VOTES HERE
AT HOME, AS THE SENATE FORMALLY
INTRODUCED A BILL TO USE
MILITARY FORCE.
>> Woodruff: THEN, THE WORRYING
SIDE OF THE JOBS PICTURE IN THE
U.S.
PAUL SOLMAN DIGS INTO TODAY'S
EMPLOYMENT FIGURES.
>> Brown: YOUR EMAILS, ONLINE
BANK TRANSACTIONS AND MORE--
DATA SECURE.
BUT HARI SREENIVASAN DISSECTS
NEW REVELATIONS SAYING THE
N.S. CA.AN CRACK THOSE CODES.
>> Woodruff: AND WE RETURN TO
SYRIA, STARTING WITH TWO LOOKS
AT ITS IMPACT ON THE MIDDLE
EAST.
RAY SUAREZ REPORTS ON THE FLOOD
OF REFUGEES IN NEIGHBORING
JORDAN.
>> Brown: AND MARGARET WARNER IS
ON THE GROUND IN EGYPT.
>> Woodruff: PLUS, MARK SHIELDS
AND DAVID BROOKS ANALYZE THE
DEBATE OVER MILITARY ACTION.
>> Brown: AND GWEN IFILL GETS
HISTORICAL PERSPECTIVE ON HOW
PAST PRESIDENTS FLEXED THEIR WAR
POWERS.
>> IF WE GO THROUGH AMERICAN
HISTORY, PRESIDENTS, EVEN TO
THIS DAY, HAVE AN AMAZING
ABILITY TO CHANGE AMERICAS'
MINDS ON FOREIGN POLICY WHEN
THEY HAVE TO.
>> Woodruff: THAT'S ALL AHEAD ON
TONIGHT'S NEWSHOUR.